Sorry, Mr. Lin.
There were many misunderstandings about you before.
I hope you will disregard the past
The ignorant are innocent
If you are willing to do your best to assist General Hua
I can make you Captain Tian Dou
Thank you Mr. Lin
Mr. Lin
Just call me Linze
Linze
Can I go to Hushen a few days later to take office?
It will be the anniversary of my father's death in a few days. Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Long Shuai will celebrate the centennial of Lake Province in a few days
The head of state wants to invite you to the battlefield
Heaven Dou is already the Dragon Legion
The centennial celebration is naturally attended
But guarding the border must not be slack
Yes
Long Shuai has an idea of what you asked last time.
According to the old man at the wake
Every year except for you
Another girl went to
The burial place of Senior Hua Wuji
Only me and Yueyue know
It seems that the girl is him.
But why have I never met him?
Because one of you went in the morning
One went in the afternoon
The timing is just staggered
Brother Ce, is my father dead?
Yueyue
It's just the two of us left
I will definitely take care of you for Uncle Hua for the rest of your life
I will definitely avenge your father